h1. Info:

This software (including graphics) was made by me using
pygtkeditor and gimp on my Nokia N900. It is programmed in
python using pygame and includes a pyqt gui. It is made for
the N900 but also works on any system with the correct
dependencies (see prerequisites)

h2. Prerequisites:

To run this software, you will need:
* Python (already pre-installed)
* Pygame
* PyQt

h2. Recommended Specs:

This software is still in early development stages. In it's
current state it runs best at about 850mhz. However, I am
not responsible for any damage that may come to your device
as a result of overclocking.

It is also recommended that you use either an external game
controller such as the Wiimote or Sixaxis controller for
easier gameplay.

h2. Installation:

h3. Maemo

*WARNING: extras-devel code is not very tested (like the grammar of this sentence), can break things, block upgrades, etc*

Check it out in extras-devel

h3. Debian .deb

Download and install https://github.com/epage/omnom/blob/master/www/omnom.deb

h3. Tarball

Extract the the tarball to a folder, "cd" to that folder and then
as root:
mkdir /home/opt/python/
cp -r omnom /home/opt/python/

To run:
cd /home/opt/python/omnom
python nom.py

h2. Game Rules:

The aim of the game is to collect all the pellets in the level.
The larger pellets put the enemies in to a state where they can be
attacked, however attacking may not always be the best idea. When
the enemy is attacked it returns to it's original location and
can not be attacked again.

Tips:
* If you are not using an external controller, I would advise
you to turn down the enemy speed to 4 to balance the gameplay.
* For better performance, I have disabled music playback by
default. It can be enabled using the config menu (at the moment
there is only 1 music track anyway so it's not really worth it)

h1. Contact Information:

Please feel free to PM me (FRuMMaGe) on talk.maemo.org with any
bug reports, suggestions, hate mail etc :)

Luke Thomas
frummage@yahoo.co.uk
PM me at talk.maemo.org (FRuMMaGe)
http://talk.maemo.org/showthread.php?t=67508
http://maemo.org/packages/view/omnom/
